Strategy & Analytics

Strategy

Our Strategy practice brings together several key capabilities that will allow us to architect integrated programs that transform our clients’ businesses, including Corporate & Business Unit Strategy, Technology Strategy & Insights, Enterprise Model Design, Enterprise Cloud Strategy and Business Transformation.

Strategy professionals will serve as trusted advisors to our clients, working with them to make clear data-driven choices about where to play and how to win, in order to drive growth and enterprise value.

Strategy will help our clients:

Identify strategies for growth and value creation
Develop the appropriate business models, operating models, and capabilities to support their strategic vision
Maximize the ROI on technology investments and leverage technology and Cloud trends to architect future business strategies
Analytics & Cognitive

In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.

The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets.

Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to:

Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions
Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements
 

AWS Cloud Analyst

 

As an AWS Cloud Analyst, you will work with technical teams on projects delivering cutting edge solutions on cloud platforms for some of our Fortune 1000 clients. You will have the opportunity to contribute to work that may involve building new cloud solutions, migrating an application to co-exist in the hybrid cloud, deploying a global cloud application across multiple countries.

 

Work You’ll Do

 

As AWS Cloud Analyst you will have multiple responsibilities depending on project type. One type of project may involve programming and maintaining applications to be optimized for the cloud, testing and deploying for production.  Another type of project might involve automation, where you take a manual provisioning processes and code them based on a triggered event. The key responsibilities may involve some or all the areas listed below:

 

·       Work with senior team members on AWS infrastructure projects, products and internal systems, both large and small, throughout the various phases of the project life cycle.

·       Develop automation for infrastructure provisioning and procedures, configuration management and ongoing support processes to be used across all environments.

·       Dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal customers; gets first hand customer information and uses it for improvements in product and procedural support; talks and acts with customers in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect.

·       Document new development, procedures or test plans as needed.

·       Programming applications to be optimized to work within constructs of an AWS environment

·       Understand and document technical requirements

·       Take ownership on enhancing key pieces of our system and participate in all the aspects of product development all the way to deployment and rollout.

·       Automate and document test cases/scenarios and new feature specifications

·       Help investigate, evaluate, select, and integrate best available framework/tool solutions to achieve the task and program level goals

·       Manage source code and administer revision control system

·       Participate on a Scrum team, including all Agile and Scrum related activities

 

Cloud Engineering

 

Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client’s end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.

 

Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.

 

 

Technical Requirements

 

Education: B.E./B.Tech/M.C.A./M.Sc (CS)
Excellent software development skills utilizing multiple languages including Java, Python, Unix scripting etc
Experience with AWS, Azure or VMWare
Experience working collaboratively through an agile development process including gathering requirements through presenting your work
Experience developing unit tests, functional tests, and integration test frameworks for distributed systems
Knowledge of continuous integration and deployment pipelines
Understanding of DevOps, software development life Cycle (SDLC), system administration, and Platform as a Service architecture.
Good understanding of Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform.
 

Consulting Requirements

·       1+ years of relevant industry or technology experience

·       Strong multitasking skills

·       Self-starter who is excited about technology

·       Ability to quickly establish credibility and trustworthiness with team

·       Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills

·       Experience analyzing, troubleshooting, and providing solutions for technical issues.

·       Strong communicator

 

 

Preferred

 

Experience in Cloud Computing specifically on application development
Expertise in analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.
Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.
Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.
Experience maintaining applications in virtualized environments in AWS Cloud Platform.
Experience writing scripts in one or more languages such as Python, UNIX Scripting and/or similar.
Experience working with technical customers.
 

The team:

Analytics + Information Management (AIM) is one of the major Service Lines within Technology practice of Deloitte Consulting. Analytics and Information Management services offers an integrated approach with our broad range of solution offerings including: shape strategy, manage data, deliver information, improve performance, optimize insights, amplify intelligence, build capabilities, and manage environments. We help clients design, build and run insight driven organizations by helping to maximize the potential value of analytics and information to deliver operational excellence, new products and services, competitive agility, and growth.

 

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, we’ve invested a great deal to create a rich environment in which our professionals can grow. We want all our people to develop in their own way, playing to their own strengths as they hone their leadership skills. And, as a part of our efforts, we provide our professionals with a variety of learning and networking opportunities—including exposure to leaders, sponsors, coaches, and challenging assignments—to help accelerate their careers along the way. No two people learn in exactly the same way. So, we provide a range of resources including live classrooms, team-based learning, and eLearning. DU: The Leadership Center in India, our state-of-the-art, world-class learning Center in the Hyderabad offices is an extension of the DU in Westlake, Texas, and represents a tangible symbol of our commitment to our people’s growth and development. Explore DU: The Leadership Center in India

 

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

 

Deloitte’s culture

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer comprehensive well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture that is inclusive, invites authenticity, leverages our diversity, and where our people excel and lead happy lives.  Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

 

Corporate citizenship

Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships that we have with our clients, our people and our communities.  We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities.  Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

e world.